https://codepen.io/MiguelATorres/pen/YzPyxRB

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML tags are <article> <Footer> <Header> <nav>
2. What is HTML used for? 
To markup webpages
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes give tags more meaning and you put it within a tag
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The main header and once
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and a tags
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The title
7. What is an id? 
identifier for an html tag
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
HTML Tags
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
10. What is a class? 
It specifies a class for html elements
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all of them
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
unlimited
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a herf="google.com"> google </a>
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
accessibility purposes for those that are blind.
15. How do I reference an id?
Use a hash in CSS, then the id name.
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section partitions the web page into smaller portions for the web browser to understand the content more fully. A <div> is used mainly for styling in CSS,
17. What is CSS used for? 
to style the website and making it responsive
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one?
classes could be used for certain things you want styled the same, and an id is for something specific. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?                          
p .human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Parent child selector is like the p .human above. It is useful to select a very specific thing in a group
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a
24. What is a pseudo selector?
It is used to identify a unique state of an element
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line.height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: Capitalize;
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
    border: 1px;
    boarder-style: dotted;
    color:black;
}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment */ 
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm <File-name> you have to be careful beacuse it autodeletes after you hit enter and there is no undo
34. Why should I use version control? 
This is important because it allows one to see the history of changes that I have made to a program or website
35. How often should I commit to github?
Everytime you make a change to a file
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin <branch-name>
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork the repo, add TL as collaborator, clone the repo, create a branch, add
files to the branch, make changes to file, commit the branch, push it, pull it